The main thing that a new Navy person has to learn is that you have to
be able to follow directions. If you can do that, then you'll be fine.
If you've ever seen the movie Forrest Gump, this is a person who
had an incredible military career and the only thing that he did was
just follow the directions that people give him and that's basically
the truth. You won't get in trouble if you follow the directions
that people give you. You'll do your job well just by following the
procedures that are in front of you and in fact, the main reason that
people get in trouble is because they deviate from that. The Chief
tells him, "Hey, go on to the billet and scrub it out" and then he
doesn't feel like it. So, he gets in trouble. The Chief tells him, "Hey,
you know what? Read this procedure A, B, C and D. Don't deviate"
and he thinks that he wants to do it really faster or really quicker
or you know and so, it never works out. So as long as you follow
directions, you'll be fine.